Browse
======

!Browse is a web browser for this RISC OS desktop, in the style of
Acorn's Browse. It shows today's web pages, drawn by a real, modern
browser engine.

The full browser
----------------
For the full browser, start the desktop's server with:

  node serve.mjs --browser

The server then runs Chrome (Chrome for Testing, Chromium, Chrome or
Edge, whichever it finds; --browser=/path/to/chrome chooses one) out
of sight, and !Browse shows its pages. Everything works as in any
browser: links, forms, logging in (kept between sessions), videos,
pages' sound (with Chrome for Testing or Chromium), downloads,
uploads, printing to PDF and several tabs.

Without it
----------
With any other server, from another computer, or without --browser,
!Browse shows pages in a frame instead. Many sites refuse to be shown
that way: !Browse says so, and offers to open them in your own
browser.

Using !Browse
-------------
Click on the icon bar icon to open a window. Type an address, or
words to look for, in the URL bar and press Return. The buttons are
Home, Back, Reload, Stop, Forward, Add to hotlist and Hotlist.

Mouse: SELECT clicks on the page; ADJUST on a link opens it in a new
tab behind; MENU gives !Browse's menu. The status bar shows where a
link goes. A page's menus appear as RISC OS menus, its messages as
RISC OS error boxes.

Keys: F3 Save, F4 Find, F5 Reload, Ctrl-L the URL bar, Ctrl-T a new
tab, Ctrl-W close the tab, Ctrl-N a new window, Alt-Left / Alt-Right
back and forward (Cmd instead of Ctrl on a Mac). Ctrl-C, Ctrl-X and
Ctrl-V copy, cut and paste with your computer's clipboard.

Files: when a page offers a download, a Save box appears: drag its
icon to a Filer window. When a page asks for a file, drag one into
the box that appears (or straight onto the page). File > Save saves
the page's HTML, Save location a URI file, Print to PDF the page as
a PDF file. Double-click a URI or URL file to open its page.

Tabs: Ctrl-T, the + on the tab bar or the Tabs menu open a tab;
ADJUST on a tab, or Ctrl-W, closes it. Pop-up windows open as tabs.

Choices (icon bar menu): the home page, the search site, sound, and
whether the tab bar is always shown.

Other programs open web addresses in !Browse with
  *URLOpen_http <address>
(!Bookworm does, for links to the web).
